---
layout: post
title:  "A Three-Month Bet"
date:   2020-02-13
categories: startup
---

Productivity guru (and computer scientist) Cal Newport suggests three-month bets for new projects. Three months is certainly not enough time to bootstrap a startup, but it's enough time and provides the necessary urgency for me to give my stock donation idea one last try before I permanently move on from the idea.

[donatestock.info]() is my blog landing page. It is threadbare but up and running.

[donatestock.io]() is my my eventual app website. It contains nothing. But I think I'll put some wireframes there soon.

In the book [Traction](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1591848369/ref=nav_timeline_asin?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1), the authors suggest dedicating 50% of your time to product development and 50% to generating traction. So that's what I'll do for these three months. 

Part of this effort is doing what they say in [The Startup Owner's Manual](https://www.amazon.com/Startup-Owners-Manual-Step-Step/dp/0984999302/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1550077533&sr=1-1&keywords=the+startup+owner%27s+manual): "Get Out Of The Building." 

Lastly, my pal Kevin Lynagh convinced me my fear of failure stops me from selling my idea more broadly. No longer. I'm ok looking and sounding silly and pivoting rapidly in order to see how far I can get in three months.

## logs
+ 8 : 1h : I updated my blog posts on .info with "Donate Stock" to maximize SEO and added another post about market timing
+ 7 : 1m : p : I decided I will collect the info to make this product by speaking with charities...I was about to give up after speaking with Kevin but will give it a fair shake.
+ 7 : 30m : tp : I met with Brandon Bloom (at convoy) and pitched him the idea but he didn't really understand
+ 7 : 5m : t : I made arrangements to show Naomi my wireframes. I am excited about her feedback.
+ 6 : 1h : p : skyped with kevin lynagh; he said this whole project was "not exciting" but conceded he does not know the space
+ 5 : 0m : ? : did nothing; got tired; went to sleep
+ 4 : 15m : t : Add nonprofit mockups to boonstock
+ 4 : 30m : t : set up google ad campaign $3/day - campaign is live
+ 4 : 1h : p : work on business model canvas, set up traction bulls eye, lay out seattle sales prospects and blogs to target 
+ 4 : 2h : t : blog: publish blog "donate stock even if you don't itemize"   
+ 3 : 2m : p : Set up time with Kevin Lynagh for Monday bix review
+ 3 : 2m : t : Emailed Naomi to set up time to review mockups
+ 3 : 2h : p : Added donor mockups to .io
+ 2 : 2h : p : Created .io landing page
+ 1 : 2h : p : registered and set up .info and .io
+ 1 : 5m : t : set up google analytics
+ 0 : 2h : t : blog -> why donate stock
+ 0 : 2h : t : blog -> when to donate stock
+ 0 : 1h : p : Business Model Canvass


   
